---
layout: post
title: Tenebris
subtitle: Digipen - Software Engineering Project 2
# cover-img: /assets/img/path.jpg
thumbnail-img: /assets/img/TenebrisTitle.png
share-img: /assets/img/TenebrisTitle.png
tags: [Custom Engine, C++, Puzzle, Platformer, 2D, ECS]
---

# About
TENEBRIS is a puzzle-platformer where you follow the main character, Inanis, through his journey to escape the kingdom of Astrum while a Dark Fog consumes it. Using his light and dark powers, Inanis navigates through the maze-like streets of Astrum, not knowing if he will make it out alive. 

The Project was developed by a team of 4 during the freshman year over the course of 4 months.

# Contributions
My main role in the team as an experienced game developer was to create the foundational Entity-Component System to ensure scalability and usability for everyone within the team. One crucial task was to teach and explain to other members who are new to these programming paradigms and architecture to help accelerate their learning and allow them to utilize the potential that is availability with it.

My other role was to serve as a product and testing manager, gathering audience to play the game and provide valuable feedback from both watching their gameplay and through their comments. This made me realize how important it was to  properly test game ideas, philosophy and whether the same understanding/message gets send across to the rest, making neccesary adjustments to tune the experience and fish out mistakes and ideas that does not work as we thought.

# Trailer
<iframe width="720" height="405" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/MKA7Z3ZCRBc" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

# Check Out Tenebris Below!

<form action="https://arcade.digipen.edu/games/tenebris" method="get">
    <button style="border: 2px solid grey;border-radius: 10px;" formtarget="_blank">Download Here!
    </button>
</form>