---
layout: post
title: Aesir 
subtitle: Digipen - Software Engineering Project 3 & 4
# cover-img: /assets/img/path.jpg
thumbnail-img: /assets/img/Aesir.png
share-img: /assets/img/Aesir.png
tags: [Custom Engine, C++, Scripting, Physics, Collision, Multithreading]
---

An Immersive, aesthetic, tower defense strategy game based on Norse mythology. Player embarks on a journey through the realms to discover his true identity, defending what he cherishes the most by using the customizable tools within his reach.

The Project was developed by a team of 9 during the sophomore year over the course of 8 months.

# Contributions
As the person who gathered the team and took charge overall for the project as product manager, my role went beyond just needing to perform my role as a engine programmer. My journey and experience as a programmer have resulted in immense growth and more information can be found in the engine's blog [Ouroboros].
But there was so much more to the project than just that. Understanding how to coordinate the project between different disciplines of art, design and tech in the largest team at the time, building team relations, creating communication channels, coordinating weekly reports, setting and adapting milestones and even conflict management between members. 

The role as product manager was certainly one of the hardest challenges I've took but was immensely valuable where i've learnt more about how to manage a team of people, my shortcomings and my strengths as a leader that i can only further improve in the future projects that i undertake.

# Trailer
<iframe width="720" height="405" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/OdvsTIyBZnE" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

# Check Out Aesir Below!

<form action="https://arcade.digipen.edu/games/aesir" method="get">
    <button style="border: 2px solid grey;border-radius: 10px;" formtarget="_blank">Download Here!
    </button>
</form>